- # The Audience
	- ## The Trickster (memers)
		- "Dank shit, bruv! Cheers!"
	- ## The Acolyte (woke)
		- Apoplexy
		- Sobbing
		- Tantrums
		- Swearing revenge
		- Attempting to make plans for the usual anti-fascist attacks which will surely accomplish their goals:
			- Censorship
			- Character assassination
			- Threats on social media
			- Private death threats
			- Doxxing
			- SWATting
			- False reports to law enforcement and any employers they can find
			- <i>et cetera</i>
		- "Any of the reactions/attacks above might prove that he's right about how predictable we are and confirm that this MAGA fascist is a threat to our ideology, so maybe we should instead try to save face by doing nothing and pretending that we aren't watching him and that he means nothing to us."
		- At the end of a long day of fighting fascists and putting the Allied troops of D-Day to shame they can pat themselves on the back once again for being The Good Guys who are all about love, tolerance, coexistence, anti-aggression, and freedom from rules & rulers.
		- The dissenter: "Fuck. He's right about at least most of it. We're angry and ignorant and full of shit like most young people in history, we're being led around by the worst among us just like most of the older generations have been, we're transparent to those who are more experienced, our profoundly embarrassing performative nonsense will be remembered forever by the internet, and we've got a bit of lernin' to do before we try changing the world again."
	- ## The Agent (woke + intelligence community)
		- "Is he a terrorist or can we nudge him into becoming one if necessary (at least through media mockingbirds)?"
		- "He claims to oppose all racism but he opposes anti-racism, which he sees as just more racism, which obviously makes him extremely racist."
		- "He opposes DEI and wokeness which means he is unlikely to follow orders/trends without thought or question or to bow to strong social pressure. Too individualistic, thinks too much, asks too many questions. A troublemaker."
		- "He refuses to always regard the feelings and beliefs of others as paramount (instead preferring truth and honesty) which means he is probably anti-social (psychopath, dangerous, clearly 0 empathy)."
		- "Representatives of numerous cells in our anti-fascist contacts have adamantly assured us no less than twenty times that this man is, in fact, a fascist MAGA white supremacist terrorist whom they have witnessed assaulting peaceful antifa protestors at events across the world."
		- "Our DEI department head has confirmed that anyone who opposes DEI/wokeness is, without a doubt, a fascist white supremacist terrorist, an imminent threat to national security, and has forfeited their rights. Xhe has provided a list of 132 media/scholarly sources which support xher claim. Our lawyers have prepared a statement and we're ready to speak to one of our favorable judges in order to obtain a warrant and collect this terrorist and his possessions."
		- "Our lead disinformation expert is currently out on his pregnancy leave and due to give birth at any moment (remember that the gender reveal party won't be held until his child has chosen their gender, so we'll have to wait a few months!), but before leaving he expressed extreme concern about the flood of illegal hate speech and mis/dis/malinformation that this fascist is spewing everywhere."
		- "He imagines that western society is not racist, fascist, or white supremacist but rather that 'it opposes those -isms and is the best system that's currently available despite its flaws and infiltration by malevolent psychopaths who, along with the obedient hordes of common morons who follow and support them, have given the west a bad reputation', and that it's 'not the thing itself but the thing that gets us to the thing' whatever the fuck that means. Delusional. What else can you expect from a racist white boy who doesn't see how our whole society is set up to benefit privileged <i>hwite</i> pieces of shit like him and oppress superior BIPOC folx?"
		- "He makes fun of Feminism and treats Womxn and BIPOC folx as if they're ordinary people who are as flawed and fallible as anyone else instead of giving them the extraordinary respect, honor, and admiration that they all deserve for the suffering that they and all of their ancestors have had to go through for millions of years because of whites (and especially white men). This clearly indicates that he must be a racist, misogynist, men's rights activist type incel who glorifies Andrew Tate."
		- "He refuses to accept that trans people are the sex they claim to be or to treat them with the extraordinary respect that they deserve because of the persecution that they have had to endure since the dawn of time. He imagines that they're mentally ill and, intentionally or not, part of an insane cult intent on destroying western society. This can only mean that he wants to commit genocide against trans people. Therefore, any violence against him is merely self-defense to stop him before he goes through with his Final Solution."
		- "He is interested in and familiar with encryption and encoding but it couldn't just be a genuine interest that he's exploring. Some ignorant colleagues of mine believe that he's just playing games with us because he's been aware for a while that he's being watched, he refuses to accept that only governments and law enforcement should have access to encryption, and he's a paranoid fool who imagines that we aren't worthy of trust because of 'a decades-long history of highly illegal and treasonous abuses of power without consequence' or some such nonsense. The real reason for all of these games must be that he's a white supremacist terrorist who is probably planning an attack on the whole galaxy so he can create a fascist empire and enslave us all."
		- "He wants to trick us into believing that he's just an innocent coder seeking a job and a relatively normal life and is tragically held back by 'sYsTeMiC RaCiSm' against whites and 'AnTi-MeRiToCrAtiC DiVeRsiTy HiRiNg' (which he imagines have become especially egregious in tech fields and strongly blue states like California, in which 'illegal' practices like this are encouraged), and he's 'just making jokes' (which are <i>ackshually</i> fascist dog whistles and violent genocidal attacks against the 2SLGBTQIAMNOP+ community), but <i>we</i> know better. Whites can't experience racism. He's just another lazy, stupid, privileged, delusional, paranoid white boy with a persecution fetish, and he's mad that he's finally getting what he deserves because of slavery and all of the things that whites have done. He <i>must</i> be planning something. <i>Whites</i>, am I right? The sooner they and their culture are extinct, the better off the planet will be."
		- "My less intelligent colleagues mistakenly imagine that the purpose of this document is to poke fun at us even more in a futile attempt to penetrate our superior cranial <b>thiccness</b> and show that its author possesses senses of humor and self-awareness which would seem likely to preclude violent nature/desires which we're desperate to find in order to justify our prejudice and proceed further with our plans, and instead illustrate his insistence on problem-solving with words rather than violence, but <i>I</i> know better. That's just what this violent, genocidal, misogynistic, transphobic MAGA fascist <i>wants</i> us to think."
		- "The only reasonable response if our covert efforts to drive oppressive and disruptive whites like him to insanity, bankruptcy, and total ruin are unsuccessful is to indefinitely detain him in a black site and start with a first course of some delightful <i>enhanced interrogation</i> to find out about his fascist network (which probably extends all the way to Drumpf). If that doesn't work then we can move him offshore where we're not legally forbidden from torture. If it turns out that in a decade or two he's still alive and conscious (more or less) and we have found nothing then we can always let him go back to his old life, no harm no foul, though an unmarked grave somewhere out in the middle of nowhere is usually less troublesome. Even better: the evergreen tragic and inexplicable heart attack at a young age may leave fewer questions than a simple disappearance. Even better: just plant some illegal stuff on his hard drive, call in a tip, and let cops and the prison system take care of him and save us the (wet) work. This might seem distasteful to some, but keep in mind that we're The Good Guys and it ain't easy defending democracy. This is all necessary, and it's our cross to bear for the greater good. To make an omelette you've gotta break a few innocent people."
		- The dissenter, who sees what's happening but dares not jeopardize their life, family, and career just yet by expressing an opinion which runs counter to The Narrative (especially in a field that can be so complex, dangerous, ruthless), thinks to themself: "Oh <i>shit</i>! He's <i>right</i>! Tens (if not hundreds) of millions of people, including many of my colleagues, seem to be hopelessly insane / brainwashed, at best. How did things get this far? How do we begin to untangle this mess and purge the anti-western suicide cult that is the woke mind virus from our essential institutions before they are irreparably infiltrated and either destroyed or made to c/overtly serve our adversaries who wish to conquer us and forever snuff out the vision of the west in favor of their (probably much more tyrannical) vision? It's too bad, though understandable, that this amateur seems inclined to decline, were we to offer him some kind of position. He could potentially offer some valuable insights, he seems to be passionate and patriotic and skilled and bright, and he just might possess a type of mind and personality naturally suited to our line of work. Maybe it's worth a try anyway."